Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hi.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And welcome, welcome. I'm a minimize this a little bit. Okay, so I can see what time. Okay. Can you see me pretty good. Yep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Perfect. Great, great. Well, welcome. Good to see you add on. Right.
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, then I'll put our start time is 129 and you have missed the Adam Frederick right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Adam Frederick: Let me introduce everyone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, I understand. The first time I zoomed was probably sometime last year, towards the end. And everybody on the zoom site knew what they were doing a self me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It is pretty cool, isn't it, yeah. It's very good.
Adam Frederick: How do you pronounce your name.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I'm gonna tell you my whole name and it will go and break it down. Keep it simple so it celador have to act in tune day from Atlanta, Georgia. So I'm a native of Georgia, South Carolina.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But people refer to me as Dr. Sale CEO like cell phone. So if you have a cell phone, you know, Monday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Adam Frederick: Yeah. Why read it.
Adam Frederick: I pronounced it right. I read it out loud before. You've got to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: See, you know it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's good. I can tune day. Right. Right. And that's, that's my married name beforehand, even, even my English name people. It was different sizes, like, hey, one name put to action tonight. So now just put them all together.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, I want to get down there so bad.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you you've been down there a couple of times.
Adam Frederick: I've never been done a Google about it and the land outside of Georgia.
Adam Frederick: So cheap and nice thing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is you know a lot of people from Ohio. Once you hit 75 you just take it straight on in there. But just to let you know if you if you live in Atlanta.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: There's no time day or the week that you don't really travel that you're not going to have some type of traffic jam. I mean, even on the weekends and that's the thing, it's everybody's moved here so much that if you don't like traffic.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It'll be problematic and i don't i don't like traffic.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, no problem, man.
Adam Frederick: Like
Adam Frederick: Atlanta now.
Adam Frederick: Every night is just like a party. It's like it's crazy.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, that's what they tell me, it probably is. And then like if you live in the Fulton County area where a lot of it is, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The thing is, is that now. The city has gone outside of the inner city. So there's so many pockets of city.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Area. But you're right, if you go and you get some land outside of the city area is prettier. And I think that's one of the reasons people really like come into Georgia because you can get quality land and still have still a lot of activities, a little come a lot
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Of cultural things to do to
Adam Frederick: Just like outside
Adam Frederick: Like they're weird, like the white cops are weird and racist.
Adam Frederick: Well, I will say that like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You're, you're right. And I think it probably has to do with some of the culture, but what i right I think some of the culture and some of the geography but what I will say is that a lot of people you meet. They're not like that at all.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I honestly I think that's probably just about anywhere you go.
Adam Frederick: Yep, exactly.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, yeah. So am I saying your name correct Frederick
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Frederick. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: Adam Frederick
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Frederick. Okay. Well, great, great. I'm going to minimize this and let's just make certain you can still see me. Can you still see me. I can still see you. Okay.
Adam Frederick: Perfect. Nothing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nothing changed. Okay, Dan. Some go ahead and pull up a couple of things. So with the new patient intake. There are a lot of questions. So we take our time and we'd like to be very thorough to make certain that we understand
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How you're doing and making certain that we can get the medicines that address your needs. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: One of the things I always share with patients is just if anything happens and if you relapse. We don't want you to. But if you do, don't run from us run to us. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sometimes if things happen. People just kind of want to run away. No, pick up the phone and give us a call if I can see you soon, or if the therapist can see you soon. We do try to make certain that we're there for our patients. Okay, so
Adam Frederick: Any and
Adam Frederick: Then that's the whole reason why we're
Adam Frederick: Going to program. You know what I mean.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Exactly. It's a virtual clinic. So any questions or concerns, start with that virtual clinic so that number that you dial before you came in. We have people call like care navigators some of our patients are nurses. We have physicians, we have providers so we
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Anytime you call the number. My understanding, someone will be available. And I'll double check on that. But yeah, so there's a way to do if you need to be able to reach me, they can reach me. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Currently I see patients from one to nine, Monday through Friday my schedule will change a little bit. But that's pretty much the framework that I work in, and I do see patients on the weekend, especially for emergencies or anything like that. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Okay, so I'm going to go ahead and get this opened up for you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because there's a format that we follow, just to make certain that we've got I's dotted and T's crossed
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It. Okay. Now, if at any point in time, Mr. Fred. If you have any questions as to, you know, why ask a question or you just have some concerns, don't hesitate to stop me and ask your questions. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so let's see. Let me go ahead and
Adam Frederick: mind if I smoke.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, part of the protocol is that we don't smoke. During this time,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Well, thank you for asking.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right, then. So we'll start here. Now tell me how young you are
Adam Frederick: 37
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so 37 year old young male and looks like you're from Ohio. Right.
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right, then. And what was your drug of choice.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay so Percocet and Oxycodone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then, tell me a little bit about your percocet used to chew. Is it by mouth. Did you snort it did you, how did you take
Adam Frederick: Both. Both. Like I never, I never started the purchase that's
Adam Frederick: There's always taking the sense, but the acts of kindness, nor did it. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Dan Percocet, an oxy cotton. Oh, okay. The end. And how long did you use Percocet, not to cotton.
On
Adam Frederick: Seven, eight years.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Seven, eight years. Okay, Dan. And what's the max dose of the Percocet, or the oxy cotton that you use during a day.
Adam Frederick: When I was when I was bad. I'm actually like that out two or 380 milligrams a day. But then I start taking Percocet and I could take 1015 of them at a time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So the oxy cotton, if you could
Adam Frederick: Do here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay 03 80s. Okay, so there's 240 milligrams a day.
Adam Frederick: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, okay, Max. So your oxy cotton Max was 240 milligrams a day. And what was your Mac. So you Percocet. If you could tell me again.
Adam Frederick: I'd say, Well, I would say 35 milligrams. When I was at work. So yeah 35 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 35 milligrams a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you did that for about seven, eight years. Tell me a little bit about your drug use history like was the first time you start using the drug, and how did it progress. I'm just trying to look at the history of your drug use.
Adam Frederick: When I first like 19 or 20 I was working at a warehouse.
Adam Frederick: In which we can purchase session. I'm taking these and they gave me
Adam Frederick: Gave me like horrible.
Adam Frederick: And it killed my pain. I took him the next day and I took a couple of the next day and then I felt sick from it. So I just kept taking a more and more and more than three days. That's all it took.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I hear you saying
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So there's also given to you free back
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: co workers and it helped to pay, but then after three days of use, you
Yeah.
Adam Frederick: And then I ended up
Adam Frederick: Getting surgery on my face and I was on a 2021 my doctor gave me. I actually got enjoy. First, I wasn't even in that five minutes. Oh my.
Adam Frederick: God guided practice sense and then
Adam Frederick: After that it was
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And what was that surgery against status post surgery for face.
Adam Frederick: You had a maxillofacial I have both maxillofacial on both sides, left and right side.
Adam Frederick: Is basically your underneath your eyeball.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To eyeball. OK. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ok surgery. Okay, and got a we got oxy cotton.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, ma'am. And what did the medicine do for you when you took it took your pain way to give you energy or
Adam Frederick: Yes, gave me. It gave me energy and that's what yes they gave me energy
Adam Frederick: When I was abusing them. And after that, and it really didn't even kill my pain to that like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Adam Frederick: Sometimes you get the reverse.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Effect. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: I don't know for my pain relief.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, that they care patients have noticed that. So you start in about 19 and then you had facial surgery. And that was an age did you say
Adam Frederick: 2121 21 on there. Yeah.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay longer might be 10 years
Adam Frederick: 20 years now. I started them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That was the lady thank you me abuse.
Adam Frederick: I'll even over that.
Adam Frederick: So, okay, thousand three. Wow.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 16 years
Adam Frederick: Yeah, but like a couple years ago I got on Suboxone and then
Adam Frederick: My doctors some having a doctor, you got in trouble or something and then I start
Adam Frederick: And then I was just buying some boxes off the street.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so let me see if you're if you let's say if you were like 20 and then you did the percocet oxy cotton for 16 years that puts you at age 36 so when so when you went from Percocet, the oxy cotton didn't. You didn't go to the Suboxone how what happened.
Adam Frederick: I ended up. I ended up going to
Adam Frederick: Jail. This is what happened. I'm going, I'm going to jail. I actually, I start, I start feeling like crap from ashes and my Suboxone just they came out on but he gave me a box and I didn't know anything about him. I took some and then a couple days later, and I'm going to jail for a year.
Adam Frederick: Right. And then I got home and I felt like I needed something
Adam Frederick: I'm not taking axes. I'm not taking percocet are taking Suboxone
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Adam Frederick: Boxing. Then you could get axes and purchase. If I start taking those again and then anytime I can get about
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so let's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me back. It was the last time you use the Percocet, approximately
Adam Frederick: More, you know, like, a week ago, two weeks ago.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so two one or two weeks prior is use a Percocet. Once the last time you use the OxyContin
Adam Frederick: Years ago. It's been years
Adam Frederick: Going back
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Was
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Use the box off.
Yesterday,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yesterday, so there's a box on was yes. And was that off the street.
Adam Frederick: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: Which I get an eye guided by him every day.
Adam Frederick: Dr. Rob went around here. I don't know if he
Adam Frederick: knows everything around you.
Adam Frederick: It's weird and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Older and they
Adam Frederick: They charger insurance companies crazy money and then charge you money HR stuff that never right yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we're, we're very legitimate here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And appreciate it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right you researched us
All
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I get, you know, I'll be honest with you. We have to you have to nowadays and and with Google, you can
Adam Frederick: Yeah.
Adam Frederick: Exactly.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How long you been getting Suboxone off the street.
Adam Frederick: And ever since my doctor but at least a year at least a year. I didn't offer. Yeah, you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: On the street intermittently.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For one year. And let me ask you this, what dose. Do you currently use off the street.
Adam Frederick: It depends. Like between I take to every day. But then my pain. I don't know. I have bad teeth.
Adam Frederick: So we'll take two and and find that I take another half at night, just for my teeth to go to sleep because I need to get my teeth point
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So when did you bottom teeth or fall what dose. Do you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Feel like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What's the doses, a box on that you use where you feel like you are the best album Frederick that you can be or your normal self not high not under dosed or
Adam Frederick: Through Suboxone that's perfect, to where I don't
Adam Frederick: I don't feel tired. I feel perfect and go on with my day.
Adam Frederick: That's exactly perfect and then like at night, I take a little quarter or half just in my two thirds
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Not every night.
Adam Frederick: And now they're not. I can give them
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. What if we did
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: An eight over to twice a day, one in the morning one and even
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If you split with those the pain. It helps better with the pain that's not why we're giving it but the the paying parts box on wears off sooner.
Adam Frederick: Okay, you know,
Adam Frederick: Because I'm sorry.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Go ahead.
Adam Frederick: No, I was wondering that one in the morning, one at night. And that's why I need a doctor that knows what they're doing, because I'll take it all in the morning and then by the time at night. I feel like hell it's weird, and that's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Why, let's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's split your dose. Okay. And I'll follow you closely.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To make certain that arm that mostly we're taking your addiction addressing addiction part. But one of the side benefits is that it can help the pain. Some to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We acknowledge that. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And so I'm a backup a little bit more backup a little bit
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We believe in the value of medicine, but also therapy therapy is so important for dealing with how to cope with problems.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How to deal with triggers because most of time, they're often triggers that set you up to want to set any of us up to want us to overeat, you know, the extra slice of cookie cake good at extra cookie, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, right. So the thing we need. We want to lock you in quickly with his weekly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: therapy group therapy. Okay, so these are your options for times and I will be there doing the medical management and we have some really good therapist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we have to stay at one o'clock that a start tomorrow and you could start that one tomorrow at two and we also have a Wednesday to start next week at 6pm
Adam Frederick: Was fine to want
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To stay. Okay, group on just calling to the virtual clinic so group therapy Tuesday at one. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you start
Tomorrow,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 526 so just call it to the virtual clinic tomorrow 30 minutes so like 1230 and let them know you coming into the group therapy with Dr sale. OK.
Adam Frederick: OK. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ok you got that. Okay. And I've got you linked here and I'll send a note about that. Alright, so we'll plan to get you started back on a 60 milligrams. Um, I'll get your pharmacy information.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah what pharmacy. Do you where you want me send it. We still have a lot more questions, but we'll take care of that now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What's the name of your pharmacy.
Adam Frederick: Right, it's Rite Aid and
Adam Frederick: Central and seek or Rite Aid to Toledo, Ohio for 3606
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Toledo 43606
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what's that street again, or do you have phone number.
Adam Frederick: I can do. I mean, I don't know if I can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You Give me, give me a street again. Cuz sometimes when I put in the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Code.
Adam Frederick: From central, central
Adam Frederick: Central Avenue.
Adam Frederick: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, central just like regular now if anything happens, and I can't find it. The computers, great for finding it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I have to call you star 67 I'll call you back to back. If you get a restricted call back to back. That's me today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because once we get finished. I'm calling it in immediately.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The other medicine that I'm going to call him with that is Narcan. Are you familiar with our can
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we'd like for all patients to have nor can and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have five refills. So the way the Narcan works. And I've had patients who saved. Other people lives, but you should let a family member that you trust know that you have Narcan
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So if for any reason, Mike. If you or friend or family member is found unresponsive because of the opioid epidemic.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can give them some of that Narcan and one of the nostrils. Now, they could be unresponsive for other reasons. And if you give them the Narcan is not gonna hurt them. So don't worry, give them a narky okay
Adam Frederick: It is later.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do the other national okay but once you do the Narcan have someone call 911
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But keep it with you. I keep in our camp with me as
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So many patients have saved other people's lives.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Near Narcan
Adam Frederick: Perfect and
Adam Frederick: There's so many people around here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. And guess what you have five refills. And when you go through that fire refills will be happy to give you more refills. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Perfect, yeah. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: We're getting our can
Adam Frederick: Go if anybody ever overdoses. Yeah, give me some know about it. Can you guys do you know
Adam Frederick: My fiance asking me if you guys take some she works at Chrysler Dodge Jeep. Do you guys
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I tell you what.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You all you have to do is just call it a virtual clinic, they can answer all of it. A lot of them. Yeah. And we also do mental health. We do chronic pain.
Adam Frederick: And you know that yes she needs all that she has chronic pain.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Chronic Pain mental health. Yes. So all you all she has to do is the number that you call they do take care of her dress her needs because we have people specialize and trained
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In like
Admissions
Adam Frederick: In the 24 hours.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, yeah. You want to give it a new machine call you on her phone.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Working. Yeah, no problem. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, that
Adam Frederick: four year old.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You do a two and a four year old.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, to your
Adam Frederick: Point four year old girl and a dog.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Puppy precious you ask them, you ask some good reasons.
Adam Frederick: The whole reason I don't want to be on anything.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I know
Adam Frederick: We feel
Adam Frederick: Normal and
Adam Frederick: Myself and be
Adam Frederick: Done, I cannot. I hate
Adam Frederick: Ridiculous.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, well, you're in the right place. Okay, let's see. Um, so I noted last box on you say it was yesterday. Right. Did you say yesterday. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Net in terms of your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Quality so location you either snorted or took the OxyContin percocet by mouth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In terms of quality. Did you notice that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The more Percocet, or oxy cotton that you use that you find that your tolerance was increasing that you had to get more and more
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh yeah. Notice that did you feel like you were dependent on the opioid
Adam Frederick: Oh, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What will happen if you didn't get it every day.
Adam Frederick: Like we had the flu felt like I had the flu and it will take a shower.
Adam Frederick: But you can include your
Own
Adam Frederick: thing in the world.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you have
Adam Frederick: All
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The drugs. Uh huh.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you how severe was your opioid use disorder. Did you ever have an overdose.
Adam Frederick: No, I never overdose.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so no history of overdose.
Adam Frederick: With ever yeah no history overdose number one time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Has it ever cause you any health problems arm you know anything like you didn't. You didn't inject so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you didn't have to deal with abscesses. Okay. Any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any legal issues related to your drug use.
Nope.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Adam Frederick: Maybe like nothing like that. Maybe like I i did have like little misdemeanors stuff like back in the day, but it wasn't because of my drug use.
Adam Frederick: Little bit like fog in my brain and doing something. You know what I mean, like,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nothing like full possession. I said no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Damn. And it looks like your drug used to do aeration 16 years or cassettes and oxy cotton. Okay, did it ever in terms of context, did it ever result in a did it ever negatively impact your work or your relationship.
Adam Frederick: Oh, yes. Yes, ma'am.
Adam Frederick: Every effort.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did you ever lose a job because of it a half to lose a relationship.
Adam Frederick: I bought multiple jobs because I would wake up and not have anything and was to go to work. Yeah. Last couple jobs.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Adam Frederick: sunbathing
Adam Frederick: You should see this world is laying on my life just laying there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: There are so much fun. What is
Adam Frederick: That squirrel.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I can't see.
Adam Frederick: Hold on, I'm not sure if he's late. Can you see that way. Yeah.
I know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I can't, I can't. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. The only thing I can't you know it's kind
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Of grainy. I think I see him. Oh, I see him. I think I see a little bit. Yeah, there's something else. Even the
Adam Frederick: World's way.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Squirrel happy to be out
Adam Frederick: And then I got a woodpecker of my tree with a redhead pack in any this morning as soon as I walk out my door. I thought a branch fell off and hit the ground real hard, and I'm was that, and I look world fell the tree and hit the ground so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Happy and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We are a couple months ago. Oh.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It's beautiful. I hit. See you have it looks like you have a real backyard.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, grass trees. Yeah, it was a blessing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Have you ever in terms of modifying factor. Have you ever in the past had any treatment any prior treatments.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For
Adam Frederick: Boxing boxing.
Uh huh.
Adam Frederick: Like yeah, like a year or two ago, I went to that one doctor but he really gave me a prescription. You didn't try to help
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, okay, yeah.
Then it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just got Madison's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Any associated problems with the opioid use disorder like worsened anxiety problems sleeping, anything like that chronic constipation low testosterone.
Adam Frederick: Know maybe a little bit of low testosterone from before I thought
Adam Frederick: You guys
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Would do you have any anxiety or depression in general, I
Adam Frederick: Know, no I
Adam Frederick: I do like it. Maybe in the winter. Are you depressed. It
Adam Frederick: Seems
Adam Frederick: Yeah. Seasonal Affective if it, if everything is going good in my life. I'm fine. But if not, I guess everybody has a little bit of depression.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You can go up and down is but does it affect your ability to function does is it consistent like over
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Two weeks.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We'll keep watching for that. Do you have a history of, well, I'm a backup for many. Any thoughts of wanting to hurt yourself or anyone else.
Adam Frederick: No ma'am number that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Is their history of suicide attempts.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is their history of suicide in your family.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am. Nobody. Hey,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you ever been hospitalized in
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A hospital for like any mental health breakdowns lots of plans of harm yourself any cutting
Adam Frederick: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right. Any the. Do you have access to fire fire arms.
Adam Frederick: No.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so let's see. So there's no history of overdose no history of nor can we review your treatment history is their history of alcohol or benzo abuse of nerve pills.
Adam Frederick: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you drink alcohol.
Adam Frederick: January New Year's Eve.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A drink. Okay, no problems with that. The reason I'm asking about alcohol and the benzodiazepines are like Xanax value Klonopin say next.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so do you have a history of abuse of any of the Bezos
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: any use of those type of nerve pills.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. So one thing I want you to remember and i'ma let you teach it back to me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So there's a box on the active ingredients and you don't have to remember all the specific words is the buprenorphine at high doses, that's a
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Very safe medicine is you don't see people dying because they stopped breathing on the buprenorphine Suboxone okay but there's two
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Substances that can make your Suboxone unsafe and one is if you're drinking alcohol, especially high doses. And if you're doing those nerve peels that combination can be deadly. Because you could take a safe medicine and now becomes unsafe and you can stop breathing and die. Alright, so
Adam Frederick: You were saying, I understand now for your bad nurse. Okay.
Adam Frederick: All right. My other bill like nerve like messing with your nerves, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so can you tell me why I don't want you to be drinking alcohol or using those types of neuro appeals, which is a box on
Adam Frederick: Did you could die.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's it. You got the main blog.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: As the main point.
Adam Frederick: I don't I don't drink ever and
Adam Frederick: Then you know everything's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, very good. All right, then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So it looks like you have a we'll go. We'll keep going through to some more.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What about your past medical history, art, do you have a diagnosis of are you on any medications for anything.
Adam Frederick: Nope. Nope.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, miss. Do you have any any diagnosis of like anxiety, depression,
Adam Frederick: No, but I, I tried to the last doctor that I had. I was going to buy from from him and I was trying to tell him in the only thing he said was handing me some pills like I only remember what they were called
Adam Frederick: Do they just take these taken them. Well, if you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If any if you feel like you do have some mental health concerns or you're just stressed. Either way, we can do an assessment to determine
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because you can go through moments in your life when it's like an adjustment disorder, you feel like you can't get out and Merle it but you may not necessarily have a problem with anxiety.
Adam Frederick: Depression and that's like we
Adam Frederick: Just didn't get so stressed and that's what I think it is.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And we keep an eye on that any diagnosis of bipolar or PTSD.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any hypertension liver failure.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So any problems with your liver or kidney
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. All right, then. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you have a history of hepatitis C hepatitis HIV, tuberculosis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, ma'am. So no hepatitis HIV or TB any exposure to TV.
Adam Frederick: Nope, never
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. And you notice tuberculosis. Do you have a primary care doctor
Adam Frederick: No, I, which I do. I think because they sent me. I got it insurance through Ohio.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And this
Adam Frederick: Card and it says, like a primary care doctor. I've never seen her but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They gave you a name.
Adam Frederick: Yeah. You want that name.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Not right now. If you go see her. I want you to bring vitals. When you go see here
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay. And the other thing we want you to do is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Get a PPD placed on want your screen for TB.
Adam Frederick: Okay screen for TV.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the reason is, is that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: TV is very prevalent and you see more cases of it individuals who do have a history of drug use. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And there's medicines to treat to Berk not saying you have it, but I want you to be screened for it and check, especially since you have little kids. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So TV is something because I work in healthcare field, I get screened for because people go in a doctor's office and they may not know okay to get get that check and we will be getting your laughs It did you get your blood checked already for your laps.
Adam Frederick: No. No. Okay.
Adam Frederick: No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So they'll
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, they'll, they'll be reaching out to you. If you have any questions, call and I'll be following up with you too.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then there'll be measuring melon out a urine cup to you every month. So I want to call you. You're going to bear from use the bathroom in the drop cup and then hold it up to your phone so we can see what the tissues. Okay.
Adam Frederick: My cell phone number on file right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I do, I can. Let's see.
Adam Frederick: What I mean
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For 198076905 right
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Yes.
Adam Frederick: Do you can just call
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Anytime. Okay, now we'll follow up. And any questions or concerns about the label. Any questions. In general, if you like, hey, do I need to do this call the virtual clinic. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we always have someone there to answer your questions. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay, um, let me see. We got a few more questions, but we're getting towards the end. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Past surgical history. You said the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: facial reconstruction.
Adam Frederick: Yep, on both sides, left and right orbital bombs. That's what they're called.
Adam Frederick: They call him Max Max co facial
Adam Frederick: Ma x
Adam Frederick: Oh, patient that's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Why chapter do that.
Adam Frederick: A fight in like fighting. I used to be a fighter.
Adam Frederick: Okay, yeah. Both of my traces or both of the bones like the bones underneath your eye or the week has bones in your body.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Somebody okay so bilateral maccioni facial reconstruction.
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay ballet. Okay, we got you will add that there any other surgeries any metal in your body.
Adam Frederick: Titanium on this side from that. That's it.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Titanium is it under both I
Adam Frederick: Nope, titanium is on one side and then they have a new like some kind of new plastic actually okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So titanium and face. Okay. Damn. Alright, so we'll put that there. Okay, so family history is your, is your mother alive.
Adam Frederick: Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how is our health.
Adam Frederick: She's in bed help she has
Adam Frederick: Thousands of tumors on her spine. Ms.
Adam Frederick: Is in horrible.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: MS and spine tumors.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Does she have any mental health issues.
Adam Frederick: No, no, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, no, no. How did she ever have a problem with addiction.
Adam Frederick: No, no, maybe alcohol, I think, back when I was a kid.
Adam Frederick: Okay, she's like she never smoked never done drugs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have ever seen possible alcohol use. And what about your father. Is he alive.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, I don't know. Um, no. I never met one time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right there any
Siblings
Adam Frederick: I know he was a drug addict.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, woman.
Adam Frederick: Was in prison forever.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I don't look at addiction. Okay, Dan.
Adam Frederick: Yeah. I have four brothers two sisters, man.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how about your siblings. Are they healthy or do they have some chronic conditions.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, they all have chronic conditions.
Adam Frederick: Is any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Go ahead.
Adam Frederick: My older sister like depression and anxiety. She doesn't do any kind of drugs.
Adam Frederick: Okay, my three brothers are all drug addicts Xanax heroin and everything.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So substance use disorder, anxiety, depression, runs with your siblings. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thank you for letting me know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, we're gonna
Do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Haha
Adam Frederick: Said, I'm an open book.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Dan got like you got it looks like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Looks like you're moving forward. Despite everything that's going on. And that's good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: One day, okay. Yes, sir. Do you smoke cigarettes.
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let's see how much are you smoking now.
Adam Frederick: After death.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, Dan, do you know the consequences of long term smoking.
Adam Frederick: Yes, I do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, so, so we're gonna always revisit this. Um, so I do want to encourage smoking cessation. Sounds like you and your wife have small kids. And one thing that smoking does with people who smoking is that can shorten your life by 10 years to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Write
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The good thing about when you stop smoking is that the benefits are there pretty immediate like within 20 to 30 minutes your blood pressure may go down to normal.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Within 24 hours, your risk of a heart attack can decrease within a couple of days. I've even had patients tell me
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Where they stopped smoking for about a week or so they noticed that they their, their this male. The nurse at a nose is like must have gotten better because
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now they can smell things they didn't. They couldn't smell before they can taste things that they weren't able to taste before food taste richer. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A couple of things patient says share it with me in terms of the benefits of smoking, they say, Look, I feel younger
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It's like I can actually run and keep up with my kids I can go up the stairs and not feel like I had his elephant on my chest and so you may notice your exercise and Doris actually increases. So now the four year old is not all running you you know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've had patients basically share that but but medically you do notice that people that smoke it age issue.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh risk of cancer arm and then the other thing it does to your white blood cells, which are your warrior cells, they don't work as well.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: A lot of my people that start smoking they notice they don't get a sick as they used to get they didn't wasn't always catching every cold at walks by
Adam Frederick: I didn't know that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And it's not. These are not benefit. YOU HAVE TO WAIT FOREVER TO GET and then it because when you're young, to your you are 37 so if you are to stop smoking. You can stop the ongoing damage to your lungs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And a lot. Sometimes it's almost like some of the effects can be reversible to people. Can you know depending on when you stop, but we do know the longer you smoke, you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: limiting your life and the worst those lungs get most people say the reason they smoke is because of addiction. They want the nicotine, but they don't want the stuff that's causing cancer. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you can't get the nicotine without getting all the stuff that causes cancer.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So the goal would be to wean you off the nicotine. Also, but they do have nicotine patches and nicotine products. So one of the things that patients do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: They do the nicotine patch okay would prefer that you not smoke. If you have nicotine products. So it put the patch on 12 hours don't sleep with it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: On or you can have really bad dreams and if you crave a cigarette. They have the nicotine lozenges, and the nicotine gum. I recall. They even have an inhaler.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay 19 spring.
Adam Frederick: I'm gonna have to get one of those
Because
Adam Frederick: I tried the nicotine patch sorry to cut you off. I tried on it like every different kind and leave some kind of, I don't know why it does it. There's like
Adam Frederick: My skin must be too sensitive for it because it will burn a huge red mark around where it's at.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. It may, it's probably an allergy for you so that they have that option in some people like to Chantix but you, it looks like you have a primary care doctor. So if you could just make certain that you taught what your primary care doctor about that. Okay. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: Exactly. And I just got I haven't ended terms for a while and I just got my insurance back and
Adam Frederick: No doctor and get everything
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm definitely every
Adam Frederick: Test every last thing that they need to do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right depth depth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right and preventive care.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, you'll be yeah you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Got a little while before you turn 1430
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is the new 40 but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You start
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: With 40 is the new 30 so yeah
Adam Frederick: But I do that smoking is the worst. I hate it. I really do. So smells.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You say money. That's one of the big banks.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Seven $8 a pack of cigarettes.
Adam Frederick: And it's just the worst habit ever you smell so bad taste, running your whole health is the worst thing you can do in life. I think
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It's pretty bad. So we'll revisit it and you just let me know how that goes. But talk with your doctor about it. Okay.
Adam Frederick: Okay, perfect.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. And in terms of alcohol that so no
Adam Frederick: Yeah I don't drink.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what about your diet. Are you getting fruits and vegetables, meat starches like rice, you get
Adam Frederick: Buried yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so this is a balanced diet.
Adam Frederick: Yeah I eat real healthy, healthy
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh that's good safety. Do you have you do you wear seatbelts. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: Every time I'm in the car where people
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: smoke detector in your house. Oh.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, carbon monoxide. Well, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and we have to talk about sexual activity. Are you sexually active.
Adam Frederick: Your family.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Safe sex practices.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Dan monogamous relationship.
Adam Frederick: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, one on one.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yep. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What's your birth gender.
Adam Frederick: Male
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. So me see. Are you currently. Let's see, you are you are you married a single
Adam Frederick: Single what I'm
Adam Frederick: In the middle of getting married.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So are you are you engaged.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Okay, engage with two kids right
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan, in terms of your living situation. Are you live in what your fiance and two kids.
Adam Frederick: Yep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Do you feel safe.
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, very good. Are you working now.
Adam Frederick: No ma'am coronavirus
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then because of that. And what were your legal issues you've had some legal issues in the past.
Adam Frederick: Year just drive and charges and stuff like that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What type of driving. You're driving
You
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, driving without license.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, I've never had any
Adam Frederick: I've never drove one or influence but
I'm not
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Very good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what's your motivation for wanting to live a sober life not do drugs.
Adam Frederick: A lot of Asian MY KIDS MYSELF, just to feel is to be normal and I have to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, yeah.
Adam Frederick: So that's the motivation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Get right, who's supporting you on this journey. You got support system.
Adam Frederick: My fiance and all of her family. My mom. They all
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Well, great, great. And while you're getting a primary care doctor need you to find a dentist.
Adam Frederick: Oh,
Adam Frederick: It's so bad, like, eight months to get in. Dennis.
Adam Frederick: Why, which my teeth are horrible to where I could like, it's an emergency.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you're going to work on.
Adam Frederick: Like okay, I'm
Adam Frederick: Trying to get in like it took me six months and then my insurance got cut off somehow. So I had a way to get now I'm doing now, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so. So what you can do so. So you have a primary care if she sees he or she sees that your teeth really need help.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sometimes they partner with a dentist, they may be able to work to get you in sooner just part of your physical exam. They may have a way to help you getting soon and just talk with her about that too. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Him or her
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What I do sometimes they're, you know,
Adam Frederick: It's less serious
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Definitely. Well, it sounds like a lot of good things are coming together for you.
Adam Frederick: I know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's good. Now this next set of questions. It's gonna be a lot of questions. Okay. I just want you to answer yes to the ones that are positive, because, because what I'm doing is called a review system. I'm asking questions about your whole body. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any fever nights, which yields fatigue, weight loss, increase thurs increase your nation.
Adam Frederick: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Any changes which is like loss of vision blurry vision read as yellow is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any problems which you hear hearing difficult to hearing here in Los ringing in the ear problems with your nose nose bleeding chronic congestion.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any problems with your mouth, throat, a voice like lips sores mouth sores tongue sores or any problems with the neck, neck pain, stiffness, a lumps and bumps on your neck.
Adam Frederick: No, no, besides my teeth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Teeth dental
Adam Frederick: Which is just a cheap it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Poor, poor didn't Titian. Okay then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any problems long was in terms of shortness of breath. Coughing. Coughing up blood coughing up mucus.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, cardiovascular heart problems like problems land down which breathe and chest pain heart racing swelling in your legs problems with your veins.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, ma'am. Okay, stomach problems stomach pain Rector pain bombing and constipation, diarrhea,
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: bladder problems like paying what urination bloat what urination, unable to pee pee in all the time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Any problems with your skin or nails or hair like change in hair texture dry skin rash brittle hair moles new moles itching hair loss.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Any problems with the musculoskeletal like chronic muscle pain back pain cramp limping numbness, tingling and paralysis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, you're okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any neurological problems like problems with your brain headache vertigo like spinning room passing out feigning seizures, tremors, lack of coordination weakness problems speaking
Adam Frederick: I get migraines.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay migrants.
Adam Frederick: When I get migraines, it messes with everything like speaking
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm. Oh, OK. I will put this history of migraine. So you still have migraine headaches.
Adam Frederick: Yep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So let's, let's go back to past medical history, put migraine headaches and when
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I graduate. Oh, that's okay. What happens when you have a migraine.
Adam Frederick: I get. It's weird. It's the weirdest thing ever. I get, like, it looks like a lightning bolt flash in my vision and it just kept flashing and then I get a huge
Adam Frederick: Headache, and the only thing I can do is go to sleep and wake up and then it's still groggy and Ms lose my speech and everything. It's, It's the weirdest thing when I get a migraine.
Adam Frederick: Sometimes it'll happen.
Adam Frederick: And then it will happen for six months.
And like
Adam Frederick: Three days in a row. That's never happened.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Okay, so
Adam Frederick: We're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Gonna get that checked out.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How many times a year. Do you get affected by migraine.
Adam Frederick: It depends. It really does like this year it was seven times last year, it only happened twice and it actually it's join me on
Adam Frederick: A what may call me almost no and I've had six of them already.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know what it is in the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: reason I'm bringing that up. You've been awesome box on some people who may have migraine headaches. This box on can make it worse. But as you continue to use it. It gets better.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So notice that there's a link with the use of the Suboxone okay but you've been using beforehand. Right. Well,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. Alright, so we'll add that. Okay. Well, let me highlight that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Um, thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any mood changes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Sleep deserves.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No feelings of worthlessness delusions.
Adam Frederick: No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any easy bruising or easy bleeding a lumps or bumps on you.
Adam Frederick: Know, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, are you currently on any medications.
Adam Frederick: Right now. No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just as a box on it, you get some time. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you
Adam Frederick: Not yet that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Are you allergic to any Madison's
Adam Frederick: Yes, I'm allergic to a backdrop is the antibiotic.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. What happens when you take back from
Adam Frederick: My
Adam Frederick: Everything my throat will go up my legs swell up I get rash.
Adam Frederick: Every kind of say
Adam Frederick: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so all that's good, you know that you have. So that's a serious allergy. Some people are allergic to bathroom may have allergies to sulfur medicines that half
Adam Frederick: Hours, but there's something else too because I took on what was it that I just took they gave me
Adam Frederick: My to max. They gave me a Marxist selling clever name. And I've always talking about selling them was never allergic to it, but I took them.
Adam Frederick: A
Adam Frederick: Couple years ago and I got ya I poisoned myself with five days. So I'm allergic to that too. But I don't know, I haven't went back to the doctor.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, so you're allergic to augment and so you took the so you took that you when you take the Marxists Ceylan by itself.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Problem, but I'll mention
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The component that they add Uh huh.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, right. Yeah. So I write that down because I didn't go back to the emergency room.
Adam Frederick: Because I knew what was going on, you know, I was
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Allergic to this because
Adam Frederick: It's something just sparked my memory of when it happened on the bathroom.
Adam Frederick: Okay, so you get the throw in the trash.
Adam Frederick: You throw trash headaches puking Austria.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Ever. Okay, so you have that with the augment and also
Adam Frederick: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so okay so augmented has to drugs in there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, so
Adam Frederick: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, the one that makes the amoxicillin arm strong help it to be stronger. Yeah.
Adam Frederick: Okay, what it is.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK, but people will be afraid to give you a Marxist still and they may not even want to give you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any don't sell and because of
Adam Frederick: That's why I didn't want to say nothing neither because I know penicillin works good for me because I was taking over my teeth, but soon as I mix it with that.
Uh huh.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mixer and you shared it with your doctor because you may
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have just a pure so for allergy.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And and I'll have to look at that. Other medicine. I know the name of it. I just had prescribed in a while.
Adam Frederick: Okay, I don't know they're suffering that to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me look it up right now. Hold on, give me a quick minute, hold on. Okay, thank you.
Adam Frederick: Thank you very much.
Adam Frederick: This is the nicest coolest ever
Adam Frederick: Tina.
Adam Frederick: She's normal not Arabic not you know
Adam Frederick: I wish I had this a long time ago. I've been off.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So augmentation. You still there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So the, so the clever money.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me Google, what is clever money. I know what it is, but I don't know if it has the I tell you what, let me put that on the table for something out, out of my own curiosity. I'm gonna look that up.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We'll plan to revisit that. But let me get an answer for you. OK.
OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK, no problem. Um, let's see. So we've got that taken care of.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Bring your vitals. When you go see your doc right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I'm asked you a question. This is for your cow. So I'm trying to get your, your scope.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Your score like withdrawal scores. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So just a few quick question. And we should be wrapping up soon. All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Happy Memorial Day sure is a beautiful day it looks like. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Over the past half hour, have you have you been having feelings of chills of flushing not accounted for by the weather.
Adam Frederick: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No restlessness do restless.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Are you having difficulty sitting still been able to do so.
Adam Frederick: Yeah, yeah. Just a little bit.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, a little bit. Okay. People sighs I can't really tell there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you having any pain previously only
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you having any pain due to opiate withdrawal, that's a better way of putting it.
Adam Frederick: No pain.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Okay. Any runny nose, a tearing not due to a cold or allergies.
Adam Frederick: Yeah. My nose is running a little bit
Adam Frederick: Is
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is that due to opiate withdrawal because you're outside and it's allergies.
Adam Frederick: Open the overdraw. Do what you know.
Adam Frederick: To your eyes and your nose.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm thinking, it has something to do with your autonomic nervous system. Oh god impacts your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: stomach upset over the past half hour. Have your stomach cramps, nausea, loose stool or anything like that, vomiting, diarrhea,
Adam Frederick: Or just not nauseous.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You've been having some knowledge. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you used any drugs or anything like anything else, aside from Percocet, or oxy cotton.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Any uppers and downers
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan, so no other drug use.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, um,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you, it can you hold out your hands. Can you all are both forum like this and let me see any tremors is your, your phone just put them side by side. Let me see.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any tremors.
Adam Frederick: A tiny
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have a few tremors. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Can you feel some tremors.
Adam Frederick: Now,
Adam Frederick: Yeah. A little bit, yeah.
Adam Frederick: I do that. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I haven't noticed you yawning.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you are you having increased irritability or anxiousness
Adam Frederick: Yeah. Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Adam Frederick: And that's pretty good. I do that you're on and it does you on a lot when you're
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Young a lot. Okay. I haven't seen any so far.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yet any Goosebumps a goose flesh can
Adam Frederick: Earlier. Yeah, not right. None right now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I'm a look at your cows. I'll tell you your score 1234567 your cow score is a seven based on the things that we could check for and this is it to 25 so you have what's called mild withdrawals. Okay, you haven't used any fentanyl or anything like that.
Adam Frederick: No man.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the reason I ask is, you know, if you give somebody Suboxone have used the fentanyl or something like that, that they could have a precipitated withdrawal, you could get really, really sick.
Adam Frederick: Okay, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, so we'll get your medicines called in. But when you go to the pharmacist if you're able to check your blood pressure, your blood pressure in your heart rate. If you could take a picture that you can tell me what that is.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, next time I see you for your group tomorrow or and whenever you go to your primary care doctor keep the print out of the vital signs that they give you soda and put them up and we can put them in your chart. Okay.
Adam Frederick: Okay, perfect.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then. So in terms of your physical exam you put your put your phone up to you as open up real wide okay okay the whites of your eyes look really good look really good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, I can. They look, the movie is back and forth for me. Okay, good, up and down.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good, good, good, good, and I could see all of that. I don't see any masses on your neck. Let me look at your neck. Let me look at your neck. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That looks good. All right, then you scan looks fine. You've been walking around without any problems. Okay. I haven't noticed anything abnormal with you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so it looks like your assessment will be the opioid use disorder F 11 to you definitely at yes and nicotine dependence cigarette smoking F 17210, do you do any marijuana or anything.
Adam Frederick: Yeah I smoke pot. Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right.
Adam Frederick: I was in Michigan game but I moved Ohio now but
Adam Frederick: Okay, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I do want to encourage marijuana cessation, and then we'll go ahead and do you feel like you're dependent on it.
Adam Frederick: Oh no, I'm not dependent on it. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So do you was the last time you use marijuana
Adam Frederick: A few days ago. Okay.
Adam Frederick: Last week,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So we'll go back up here for you. History
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Last used marijuana
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Last week,
Adam Frederick: Yeah, last Saturday last Saturday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I want to encourage marijuana cessation that can cause inflammation of the lungs. Okay. And then also, that can make your anxiety worse it initially you smoke it. You feel calm but you can have like a rebound effect or so we can feel worse afterwards. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, so for the plan. This is what we're going to do so far you you are having some OBO withdrawals their mouth.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, but you but we're going to go ahead and start to Suboxone you prefer the films of the taps.
Adam Frederick: The film's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I'll check either or cuz sometimes insurance company only want to play for taps, but I'll put it in for films. Okay.
Adam Frederick: Perfect, yeah. It doesn't matter. Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If they don't cover it. Just know that we've got you put in, where you can get the tabs. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It over to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The one twice a day. Take one in the morning, one in the evening. Don't want to use any of the opioids and the Narcan is going to be given
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You did you teach back on your alcohol and benzo use you able to tell me that increase your risk of death.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You are. You do have a primary care doctor, you will follow up to get a PPD to be screened for TB and to address smoking cessation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You also will be finding a dentist's you bring your vitals from your primary care doctor also you will work on moving for what your intake layups, that you need to do for bright heart health tobacco cessation was advice we did this from
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's a non non 406
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And you'll be seeing the you'll be going to a weekly therapy and medical management every Tuesday at one starting tomorrow.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and let's see, group therapy tomorrow.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm putting it here and that's Tuesdays at want
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You also be having individual therapy one on one appointments. That'll be arranged and every month I'll be pulling your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Every month you'll begin a urine drug screen be pulling your oars and every six months also will be checking you again for hepatitis and liver function.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I did pull you off course. Alright, that was done and it showed that your last control substance that you got was back on June of 2018 so consistent with what you were saying okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Did you have any questions for me.
Adam Frederick: No, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, and you'll get your weekly. Bam. So every week before group, you should get a set of questions that you'll do. All right.
Adam Frederick: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Perfect. All right. Well, thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good to meet you and talk with you. We look forward to working with you and your fiance can just call in, if she has any questions and want to join by heart health, two. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, thank you very much. All right. Thank you, sir. Have a good day.
Adam Frederick: Bye bye.
Adam Frederick: She was the nicest person I've ever met.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Start 1:29pm ending at
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 2:30pm will send in his medication transcriptionist. Thank you very much.